Part 1
(a) The Manhattan distance heuristic performs better because it considers the distance between 
the current tile and its desired location while the misplaced tile only considers how many are 
misplaced. The number of misplaced tiles is "included" in the Manhattan distance since the
Manhattan distance considers all tiles and strictly offers more information for the search.
Hence it would make intuitive sense for the Manhattan distance to do better, as it simply
gives more information for the search to use.

(b) Misplaced tile heuristic: since each misplaced tile requires at least one additional
move to reach its correct position, hence the estimated cost of reaching the goal state 
is at least equal to the number of misplaced tiles. When moving from a current state 
to a successor state by swapping a tile, the cost of that move is 1, 
and the number of misplaced tiles in the successor state can be at most one less than 
the number of misplaced tiles in the current state. 
Therefore, the estimated cost from the successor state to the goal state is less 
than or equal to the estimated cost from the current state to the goal state, plus 1,
making the misplaced tile heuristic consistent.

Manhattan distance heuristic: When moving 1 tile, 
the distance between any two tiles can decrease by at most 1 (by either moving 
vertically or horizontally). 
Therefore, the estimated cost from the successor state to the goal state is less 
than or equal to the estimated cost from the current state to the goal state plus 1. 
Hence, the Manhattan distance heuristic is also consistent.
However, this wouldn't necessarily hold if we allowed for diagonal movements, but 
if we do not assume such rule, then it is consistent.

Part 2
(a) IDA* notably has polynomial space complexity of O(bd) as opposed to A*'s exponential
time complexity, but still exponential time complexity as in A*.
(b) Yes, IDA* is complete because it will eventually consider all possibilities;
it might take a very long time (hence the exponential time complexity) but if there 
does exist a solution, IDA* will eventually find it. 
(c) Yes, IDA* is optimal, but this is only true if the used heuristic is admissible.
This is because A* is optimal if the used heuristic is admissible, and since IDA* is 
just A* applied with an iterative deepening approach, it should be obvious that the
intrisic properties of A* are inherited by IDA*. If the heuristic isn't admissible,
then it IDA* isn't guaranteed to be optimal.
